use enum for csr_strategy (#2024)
ginkgo-project/ginkgo: INTERFACE_CHANGE.2.md

The same applies to `preconditioner::Ilu`, except that the solver for both the lower triangular and upper triangular part can be provided.

# Changed Interface
## Csr create function with the strategy
No csr strategy with the class inheritence
`std::make_shared<Csr::<strategy_type>>(...)` -> `gko::matrix::csr::spmv_strategy::<strategy_name>`
(currently still allow basic usage on the strategy shared pointer with deprecation warning).  
`csr->get_strategy()` return enum class not shared_ptr.  

> No manual setup for load_balance strategy. (If you need it, please let us know)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The `Csr::strategy` classes are deprecated.
To create a Csr matrix with a specific strategy, use the enum `gko::matrix::csr::spmv_strategy` instead.
For example, `std::make_shared<Csr<>>(exec, std::make_shared<Csr<>::classical>())` is equivalent to
`std::make_shared<Csr<>>(exec, csr::spmv_strategy::classical)`. 
`csr->get_strategy` will now return the enum value instead of a shared_ptr.
**Note:** It is not possible to have a custom load_balance strategy with the new interface. (Please let us know if you need it)
```
